Oh, so you booked the Long Xuyen hotel.
This is the first floor compartment.
I heard there is only one
Paying for such an adult can decide.
You really have the heart, ha ha.
Coming here is like coming to my home.
Oh, daughter-in-law.
You will not be the guardian's daughter
You are really hiding.
Ha ha, anyway, if you pay a thousand gold in advance, you won't get to Long Xuyen.
No, just use his identity to keep the Luc family tight.
Anyway, with the level of the Luc family
In this life, I don't see any real down payment.
Mom, my dad is afraid of my noble background.
Will attract some greedy people
So, let me lower my voice a little.
I didn't expect my debt to be a down payment.
Nothing.
The order signed by Bang Dien Group is frozen in marriage
Let me go see.
Who is this?
I don't look wrong, right?
This one wears a sales suit.
Do you want to go to Long Xuyen hotel to eat?
This is my property.
I'm naturally as comfortable as I can be.
Ha ha ha
He didn't think he was Lam.
Is that cash upfront?
I also know.
Who do you think he or I are more like the richest relatives?
Isn't this obvious?
He is a fake.
Don't rush to kick him out.
Look at this girl.
At a glance, I thought very clearly.
The salary left on him was 120 bags.
This is definitely Miss Lu, you still don't know, right?
This is a poor stall
He's actually a stinky delivery guy.
Initial.
To be close to my son, worth more than a billion dollars
That's three years in a row.
Unexpected.
Today he is still here.
You are such a ghost.
This is a poor delivery ghost
You still dare to come to Long Xuyen Hotel to cause trouble?
Go away!
Entangled again
Break your leg.